- hello dong Gavin hello Joe Rogan good
to see you sir it's good to see you it's
been a long time yeah it's a pleasure to
get you on here man
I'm a thrilled to be here we've talked
about you I don't know how many times
many times I've heard that my son he
says you mentioned my name glowingly is
them yeah well hey man you were a giant
inspiration to me when I was coming up
that's good yeah well you know I've
talked about this so many many times but
that era of Boston comedy when I started
in 88 and you guys had already been
through the ding ho and all that's been
gone and it was the heyday of comedy it
was an amazing time and you know I was
very fortunate to be able to see guys
like you and and Sweeney and you know
and all those guys Mike Donovan and
Kevin Knox and I mean go down the list
over and over and over again Lenny
Clarke and just some amazing time for
for stand-up back then yeah that was
certainly the heyday I came in started
at around 79 and it's been going on for
one or two years but going on meaning
not much going on
you know and then it built and built and
built and to the point that that
explosion has just said wow it and and I
always like to think people take her to
a Boston style
there wasn't a Boston stew other than
being very aggressive maybe yeah there
were but everybody had different ways
you don't because we didn't know it
wasn't like an LA style
or New York style there was just all
different approaches coming out to the
same man yeah you started 79 so that was
really like the beginning of comedy
clubs right yeah well what they weren't
even coming cuz here mixing the dingoo
thing I used to be a like a saloon and
the guys they were sitting at the bottom
we first went in there they refused to
leave so they stayed at the boat and all
they would do is when we put someone in
on them or hop understand you know
they'd turn around and shut the fuck up
we're trying to drink here
we couldn't get we couldn't get remember
so finally we will without because they
get so tired hearing the microphone but
that was that was just a little drink
that's all you can say you know and
became a Chinese restaurant
yeah yeah so it wasn't a Chinese
restaurant with us alone I think you
know
and then suddenly this guy came in it
was approached to put comedy in there
and Barry Crimmins to one of the guys
originally Lenny myself Sweeney as you
mentioned yeah TJ has it people like
that a comedian tingle yeah it was a
bunch of us that came in at that time
and once again no particular one style
other than the fact that we kind of
created that the headliner would be the
host yeah that was a weird Boston style
like when you have the Don Gavin show
yes you would go out there and host and
you do a few minutes in between each
comic right yeah any well we didn't know
it was weird because I wanted to be in
charge and if Joe were going on and flip
to the 15 and you do great great now
Bill Johnson comes on your blows I'm
gonna go up and take the mic after about
six minutes yeah that was go on to the
next guy yeah and then at the end that
headliner would close the show yeah yeah
that much but when he started doing more
and more shows like I started Knicks in
Boston
initially it was a joke it was supposed
to be a tax write-off and they try to
sabotage it that used to be a steak
joint really yeah next stage and when we
did it one week the stage was collapse
next week did we no no sound next week
no writing the doors would be locked and
then eventually more more people coming
in then they got upset because we were
getting in the way of the people going
to this distinct pod and then they said
maybe we can make money on this well go
upstairs
there was an upstairs there and that was
used only on one night of the week for
Greek belly dances well where they were
paid $200 the next was 200 off fact they
barely did say the production crew but
they brought in their own liquor so they
only made $200 for the wicked so once
we're gonna fit on one show then sure
and eventually and around the time when
you came here we were doing five shows
my are my night on Saturday night five
shows in the same place upstairs and
downstairs yeah I remember that that was
before I was getting paid so I was
really an amateur but I remember
watching
there was a show in the upstairs room
right and then there was a smaller
downstairs room and then there was
another time where they did in the disco
right
which is a it is a disco now if it is
very sad disco well was sad then - yes
but it was strange that everyone was
cycling from room to room right and you
go from upstairs to dance this and again
if the first one week we tried that with
the first show you were trying to host
and was it possible to go fall apart
yeah I mean the guy on the side of stage
would go you're supposed to be on
downstairs and go every just I just
started up here and it was so confusing
that you get on stage and you say good
evening ladies and gentlemen how are you
I've already said that it gets to the
point and also with a few drinks
involved by the fifth show yeah with
some repetition sometimes well that was
the thing that was also about that was
interesting about Boston comedy was that
the partying like they you guys are a
bunch of fucking savages I mean that's
what I remember
yeah it was pretty widespread but again
we didn't know and almost all of us get
in trouble with the IRS but yeah you get
paid in cash right and then you just
kind of forgot that's what I said told
when I get called in I hadn't paid taxes
in seven years and I got called in and I
said to the guy I thought it was
numerous they said well I forgot and he
didn't think that was that you Marcelo
yeah so that didn't that way no no no no
no no no no no to finally get that
cleared up how did they catch you on
something like that how because I was
like cover of a calendar magazine in the
Boston Globe there was a group shot of
up till about 80 cannabis and there was
my picture and this guy had the picture
and you know when he confronted me
because how come we don't know anything
about this you know do they pay for this
what do you do for me you know used to
be a teacher
where's that money you know so yeah so
that was how I got caught so the little
bit of infamy a frame I guess today it
is what Darrell yeah everybody got done
in with the IRL I know Donovan he got
done in all the whole crew how do you
clear that up like how do they decide
how much you owe oh that's certainly
that's a give-and-take type of situation
they have there an appeasement thing I
think I mean I you guys nothing on my on
my door at seven o'clock in the morning
and
then you'd have to meet with this guy
and then that guy would get fried and
would start all over again and lawyers
yeah it wasn't it wasn't pretty but it
finally got cleared up you know they
they took extra money they do know that
they weren't going to get the whole
thing so I took some of them how many
years did it take to clear it up for me
it was what four or five years Wow yeah
yeah Jesus Christ how much they hit you
for overall at one point I was a little
behind I think it was a hundred
twenty-eight thousand and that was the
figure that they came up and but ninety
eighty percent that was in interest on
the you know the fact that I didn't pay
in the for Louis left Florida finally
would go up to fifteen hundred or so so
that's how the the deal was but somebody
somebody thought was a gold mine to
attack the entertainer's and that was us
once they got one they get another
another and the dominoes kept flow Oh
did anybody skate did anybody wind up
actually paying their taxes Oh almost
all but Cisco nobody but did anybody
like not get in trouble oh yeah there
was some fuel it was intelligent people
otherwise the ones I had families and
yeah it can put the normal ones I guess
that actually paid yeah the ones that
were not at those parties yeah there was
a thing about you guys though like it
was for us young guys coming up like you
guys were like Peter Pan's like you were
you were living this life as well you
know Boston's very blue-collar place
right very hardworking place all of New
England and we stumbled in as amateurs
as open-mike errs to this environment
that you know where you guys were the
kings and you guys were fucking wild man
like there's we heard those stories
Knicks of pay and coke and just
everybody was drinking all the time and
it was like everyone was laughing and
yelling and I was like how is this
possible how do these men get to live
this life and when I was doing I first
thought I was a high school teacher yeah
I was I was teaching and doing this that
getting out of the clubs at 3:00 or 4:00
in the morning and then attempting to be
a teacher three or four hours later when
did you quit I got out of teaching in 84
I think so I did maybe crossed over the
two together and that was
was a rough patch there because I knew
something that he give
yeah and I tell the story that I was
coming home from teaching and not from
the clubs at night but it can teaching
and I fell asleep at the wheel and this
was a highway and I was hitting the
stanchion in the side of the highway
bank remember and I meant she has him
going down this gully you know see all
they fast in front of you know what
press in front of me was how am I gonna
make it to the show tonight and my head
went through the windshield how do I
came up climbed up out of the gully I'm
I'm trying to stump to get home I've got
blood running down his face ain't no
idea how bad it was then he had to go to
the hospital so I go my friend we go
back to I was gonna get the car out of
the going the car was totaled
you know I mean Bianco and his hair and
blood in the oh I better pick one drove
the other so the comedy comedy worn out
did they have open mic nights and seven
join oh no and 79 I know when you first
started knows it like well the first day
there was only one place in existence
and that was the comedy connection and a
little one the one on Warrington's -
yeah yeah yeah probably yeah yeah
hundred fifty seats a - yeah and two
guys ran that yeah I think they were
Sean Morey was the guys had been on The
Tonight Show so that's in a daze that
was like oh my god you know so he ran a
comedy class and two guys took the class
Billy downs and Paul Bartolotta Buckley
and they decided to you know maybe we'll
do this comedy thing but again people
didn't know what a comedy club was when
you mention that like when Jenna was for
way before us there wasn't there's no
comedy clubs he'd worked or maybe strip
joints or like go and in an auto place
so this is that there was there was no
place to go I mean even people say well
what's the comedian you know other than
watching TV you didn't know really what
stand-up comedy was even so so the
beginning of it started off slow and I
remember my first paycheck once I get
paid $8 all right those are first $8
yeah and I still have that I have then
the copy of the checks are you really
are a copy of it I actually cashed it I
needed to date cause of course yeah but
so that was what Billy Danson and
broccoli today and in those days you are
audition
instead of a open mic night it was just
the two of them and I had to go in front
of them and I looked at the to him I
said I don't I don't I don't really like
this because I said no at least one of
the you two are not gonna understand
what I'm doing and I because you really
don't look like a brain trust yet and
and I got hired and I immediately was
really good and the next show that I did
was really good I'm doing the same ten
minutes because there was a bartender
and had some patter right
and the third one they called me like a
night before and said you know somebody
fell out can you come in and what I had
done I had written 15 minutes of comedy
that day
sure yeah you know but in my mind that's
right that and it was the worst death of
the world I got about two minutes in and
people always say you know what happens
when you bomb well you know you don't
really don't you don't really mom and
after you've been doing this for but
that's two or three minutes seems like
an eternity you know it seemed like
hours and then I just went back into
some of the old stuff and I get out and
I actually got into a fistfight with
Lenny Clarke about it because he was he
kept pressing me do you work in New York
been on a stage before my life you know
and so we were not friends at all at the
beginning and we didn't we get into a
little to go ahead and say well he said
yeah he said oh that was a great set he
was shitting on me and his friend
sobbing it was witness to the fight and
broke it up when he says to any he goes
he said he said you just said he had a
good show he sucked he knows it led me
and you're being an asshole to go come
on you know call him out and when they
may became fast friends after that
that's hilarious
yeah Lenny was the second guy I ever got
paid to open for really yeah the first
guy was um goddammit Warren MacDonald
MacDonald yes Wow right bill MacDonald's
brother it was a judgement don't yeah
wasn't that Bill McDonald no it was Jim
George MacDonald was the host of the
open mic night he could have been yeah
yeah wasn't there a bill McDonald to
didn't have another brother named Bill
uh no no I'm fucking it up no Kevin you
kept there was a fighter
Kevin McDonald that's right Kevin wind
up going away for a little bit yeah we
visited
a couple places yeah that's right yeah
that's right okay I fucked it up right
so but I opened up for Warren well open
up for Warren and normal ofoh gig in
western Massachusetts very good memory
yeah well yeah well was one of the
original way back yeah
and then another normal folk gig was
when I opened up for Lenny wow that was
Jay's in Pittsfield do you ever do that
one I don't remember that no that was a
good one really yeah it was a good one
three and a half hours away and well
worth it yes what well was for me
because I got to know Lenny and Mike and
just to get on just Steve time yeah yeah
yeah because it was so few places that
were in effect doing comedy but but
during the time when I was an open mic
or things exploded I was very fortunate
that was when there was three clubs on
Warrenton street alone right right there
was Nick's there was the connection and
then there was a comedy club at the
Charles above the connection yeah that
Duck Soup that was across the street
yeah remember when Mike had the comedy
club at the Charles above the comedy
connection for a brief period yeah yeah
so there was three and then there was
Duck Soup that was on the other side so
it was four oh it didn't like I had to
get crazy and they were all packed yeah
and their lines would be out on the
street the middle of winter
I remember going out at my show on the
sandy there's people there were two
inches of snow in their head and I'm
going you're actually waiting to see me
there's nothing wrong with you people
yeah I was something magical about those
times because comedy clubs just overall
were only a couple decades old in the
whole country I mean you had the
earliest ones were like comedy magic
club comedy connection catch rising star
in New York like he had a couple of
clubs that were open before you know
before the the Boston explosion but this
is all real recently so like imagines an
art form that takes over the entire
country and it really only started in
the year 2000 yeah and that's what would
be working from the inception to the
explosion yeah it was not a mature ad
format they'd done it maybe 10 years 12
years right you got Lenny Bruce in the
50s George Carlin and the 60s Pryor
you know and then all of a sudden you're
in the 1980s this is it's a couple of
decades and these
clubs we're fucking packed I mean I
really wish somebody had done a
documentary on it back then because it
was such a strange time if you could get
real footage with I know France Allah me
to have that one dub stood out but I
would like to have just shown like how
crazy it was people were scalping
tickets yeah oh my god this but it
wasn't anywhere else like that Chicago
never had an explosion like that Boston
had the weirdest explosion and there was
a multitude of people that were tempted
yes one just you know a few there was
because I used to get out of New York
and you actually had a scene in the NL
they had a scene but not nothing as
expensive as that and while I started
after those two it already been don't
you know
yeah the Boston scene was a different
animal because you could work everywhere
the thing is you could work in town and
you can get paid in town you could do
you know although it's all the different
places
say it again played against analyst
right stick your stitches all those
different clubs but then there was all
these satellite rooms all the dick
Dority rooms and although the connection
at rooms in Boston comedy had rooms
there were everywhere there's hundreds
of rooms and they were good rooms and
then I think that the demise at least
like from the railroad apex I think came
when the comedians were no longer
running the clubs that you know his
owners came in and agreed factor and
every every corner store you know if a
tire company would go out of business
it's a comedy club now the gas station a
bowling alley
how many bowling alleys to be working in
in those days mm-hmm so why often either
and I think what happened was it gets so
diluted that people would go to a show
and say I don't know what all this is
all about this firm because it's this is
they didn't get to see the good
community right well there was a there
was about 12 of you you know there was
like 12 murderers who would just run
around and it to this day I swear I tell
everybody I think they're the best
comments I've ever seen in my life
to this day there was moments at the cut
the Knicks comedy stop and it stitches
where I'm like that is about as good as
Stan economy ever gets and some of those
moments like the the comedy stop next
comment stop used to do a dirty trick
when a famous comedian would come into
town now excited some poor bastard like
you know like you know fill in the blank
you don't even need a name it just
someone who doesn't didn't do comedy
that often Richard Lewis let's say him
and he would be the headliner right but
before him would be you and Sweeney okay
Roger Roger sin and Donovan and it would
just be a murderer's row of fucking
savages yeah Mike McDonald and this
these poor bastards I saw I came to
Nick's comedy stopped right after Billy
Crystal had bombed I like he came up the
stairs and they were talking about it
like you guys had set him up and you
know people were saying like you never
seen nothing like in your life this poor
guy's a movie star and he went on stage
just eight plates of shit yeah after
yeah after five people had just been
destroyed he's just trying for an hour
right like so you got like each guys
doing 15 minutes and you've got all
these guys going up there just and it
wasn't unintentional it was oh why is
this guy in our town yes that was the
thing about Boston like when a guy came
in his head like if you do stand-up in
any like you do stand-up in Philadelphia
like if you showed up at Phillip people
who go oh let's go see Tom Gavin they
would want to go see you you do stand-up
in Boston you from out of Boston
everybody's like fuck this guy they just
just set him up and the club would set
him up that was what was so crazy for
the reason what the reason they would
bring these out this outside and they
would get plugs possibly for on The
Tonight Show with him like that none of
us were on the arms on the scene are on
the you know on the radar so they would
bring in like George Miller was a guy
remember yeah nice sweetheart of a guy
but no he was just yeah running the
gauntlet before you know before he got
on what did those guys think when they
watched that they must have been fucking
terrified Richard Lewis one on TV almost
in tears complaining but I only put on
the skirt and I know where they got all
these guys and and I get it the first
night then they did it Chuck and I don't
understand but what's they have against
me I think she said maybe they're
funnier you know I was one of those
comments yeah well it was it was a
dog-eat-dog world
you how to be able to survive in Boston
and the the tension span like the way
the the stand-up was it's like they
didn't let you guys like I should say
they you didn't let anybody breathe
there's a Boston style of comedy it's
like here's a fucking punchline there's
another bunch of another punchline
take a breath boom there's another one
and these other guys that would come in
from out of town were not accustomed to
that style forming more laconic and yeah
like this and I I was told that I took
70 words a minute
gusts to 100 I have you know videos of
VHS tapes where and I play some of those
one time recently I'm gone I have no
idea
oh I know I this people laughing but I
have no idea what I was saying
well you had sneaky punchlines you would
sneak punch lines in we're done and the
sides would come in and boom our tag
here yeah did you just develop that
style on your own yeah I didn't again
why don't I know about style I just
that's just the way it was I was always
a fast talker
you know you come from big Irish
families and if you don't Chuck frets
you're not gonna get the bread or you're
not gonna give the food soon yeah so I
had three brothers and and downstairs my
cousins lived there were six years so
forth so there was always bang bang bang
bang bang to that and was all her
everybody was an Irish Catholic
basically they busted on the comedy
scene you know yeah we certainly not
homogenized by anyway well that's also
interesting too because it was in a lot
of places it was more of a Jewish thing
sure sure but Boston
it wasn't Boston it was like a lot of
and a big guys too that was the other
thing everybody was like six foot three
everybody's a big-ass fucking gorilla
yeah and they were all doing coke and
drinking it was like whoa this is a
crazy place it was almost like well you
better be funny and also if a fight
breaks out you'd be ready better be good
at that yeah I just spit be sort of good
at because certainly you're not backing
down but that was this thing about it's
like comedy and a lot of people's eyes
is thought to be something that like
nebbishy you know sort of insecure
people get involved and you guys were
all fucking savages so it was weird for
me because like people would say oh I
always felt like comedians hated
themselves they're all real insecure my
I didn't really see that like not not
where I started I can remember battle at
the ding Hall I mean it was a pretty
good brouhaha at the end it's excited I
think it started outside the club as
they were coming in and it emanated that
it was inside and outside of the same
time and at the end we don't we ran in
foot finish doing the show and at the
end a lot of people were talking but
nothing about the show would you spot a
man that can go really held his own
didn't eat you don't know him see so
it's got to headlocks and this and it
going what about the show oh yeah that
was good but there was a lot of brawls
I remember brawls I remember a lot of
brawls breaking out of clubs but it was
just to me I didn't realize how lucky I
was to start there in 1988 I really did
when you came in anyway I always thought
when you came in and saying wow this guy
has get something but I thought it was a
little too dirty I thought I thought
that wasn't gonna work fair but you all
right but you knew kind of you hadn't in
your head what you had to do you knew
that you had to measure up oh yeah you
could be pushed to the side yeah when
you came in don't you agree with that
well there was not much room you know
you had a you gotta be good and even if
you wanted to go from being an open mic
or to hosting or to getting a gig you
know on the road you had to be good
Boston didn't leave you any room for for
scrubs there was I was too many all
right too many good comics yeah that was
definitely dirty but I was that's all I
was interested in you know I mean like
when I was 21 I was a fucking Savage all
I cared about was sex yeah sex I know it
came from fighting yeah so like that's
all I didn't know anything like so it
fit in that one yeah what I thought was
funny was you know just it was kind of
fun and I was talked into doing comedy
by guys that I trained with right so I
didn't think that I was funny I didn't
think I was gonna be funny I made them
laugh but I thought well you guys are
fucking psychos
of course I'm making me laugh my my
sense of humor is wrong it's all fucked
up
they're gonna think I'm an asshole so I
was talked into doing it and the first
comedy show that I ever saw I went to
stitches open mic night cool and I went
and watched and I remember seeing going
sitting there watching all these guys go
up on stage and seeing people do it for
the first time
and I realized Oh a lot of people suck
like you'd do this like I'm better than
that guy probably better than some of
these people at least yeah when I first
came in that audition thing I talked
about I went in a number of those people
were talking about were on stage and I
improved prepared to do this addition I
was with this girl at then and she goes
what about the audition I go
nah I don't think so so I just I just
left buttocks planet and I went back the
next week and them again real good guys
by the world one guy I won't mention his
name you wouldn't know the name but I'm
going Oh finally someone I know that I'm
better than this guy and that's when I
edition that night but he got me in the
show business I could weldment his name
Jean Franz was this name he may still be
alive I don't know but he has no idea
that he got me in the company well
that's Richard Jeni said that once that
would that's the purpose that really bad
comedian served they inspire people to
try it
Butler it's something real to that but I
remember my first open mic night when
when I went up you know I it was very
funny but I got to see Teddy Bergeron
Teddy Bergeron formed that night any
fucking lit that place on Jonathan Katz
was the host Wow
yeah Jonathan Katz was the host and I
didn't think I you talked about that was
kind of you know different from stock
smooth yeah and so slow too easygoing
yes and yet he was a fan favorite yes
hilarious great comic yeah and then went
on to do that cartoon dr. cat yeah which
I did that yeah that was fun yeah but
watching Teddy go onstage this was Teddy
was in his prime it made me want to quit
I was like oh Jesus Christ he had been
not he had already been on like The
Tonight Show and then I got gold diggers
with Dean Martin and stuff so when he
was you know when he was sober yeah on
his game Wow
oh my god yeah to this day he one of the
best I've ever seen
he was so smooth yes yeah I'm a polished
where a lot of the other guys were
roughing yes it was different and he had
more pauses and he was slowly based well
yeah he's almost stood I would just
because of that but he kind of classy
you know he looked like he could do no
wrong
so when he would have a problem with
drugs and alcohol
I was so confused I was like how that
yeah I was like that guys the smooth as
ever yeah cuz you know when I saw him
he's like in his 30s he was he was young
and just fuckin on top of it right I got
it I got a chance to work with him a
bunch of times yeah weird gigs like the
Mattapoisett in and but do you remember
all these names I don't know it's my
curse there's a bunch of strange names
for places well we got all the play set
down the Cape and the one that is yes
yes those were great though I mean boy
you talk about seasoning you would get a
lifetime's worth of seasoning on the
road just traveling all these different
places and seeing all these different
weird bar crowds and standing on a
fucking milk crate doing stand-up into a
shitty microphone all those gigs and
yeah and once I get into it full time
you know that encompassed that was your
whole life did you and you were working
like six nights maybe seven nights a
week and probably five or six different
venues yeah sometimes three or four
venues in the same evening yeah and he
get in the car I go over here and go
over there go over there I mean I don't
know how many years it was before I
realize you could date someone that was
not a waitress yeah that was a weird
ecosystem right comics of waitresses
hand in hand yeah you know we're just so
fortunate that we're from that we
started our comedy in Boston because it
was it was a magic time and when I would
talk to people that are from like
Arizona like how'd you start out like
well I had to drive two hours to songs
like fuck yeah there was nothing I was
told that when I moved out here for a
brief period of time I looked into DC I
was told that I would be driving
sometimes two hours to make $100 I cook
yeah right right and four months later
I'm driving me two and a half hours to
make $75 I'm going wow that was somebody
knew already what was going on here yeah
when when I thought it was coming out
and signed with an agency spotlight was
an image oh I remember everybody what
suppose these folks does able to ripped
everybody else first II they promised
everything and never delivered on the
word and so I was one of the few that
owed them money because I heard
something was going south so one day
when they finally called me in the butt
to get noise and well and I sent them a
note back saying dear so-and-so I know
that I owe you three different though
just take it off with you one o'clock
and who'll be all set
you know they hold him like 80 grand or
hundred if they owed him a lot more than
me more than a yeah but I said just take
it out from that never heard from again
and they I think they beat Milano for me
no yes
they beat Seinfeld they beat everybody
felt yeah they beat everybody yeah there
was one agent that was a dirty agent
that was pocketing all the money yeah
there was a bunch of those situations
like that though right
Bob that uh Williams we're still in the
business no yeah I out of breath yeah
real Oh Branson that's right Lennie told
me about this that's right yeah
fucking Jesus hope he changes his name
or whatever change the entry buddy he's
in Branson's apparently she's doing
quite well and everybody back no no no
how does that it's clean
CL Mike if somebody owed me a million
dollars
yeah but they just they have this thing
you know do you like money you only want
to say with this we'll give you a few
make this sickness and it was
contractually written how old we back
then oh I didn't start comedy two hours
Wow I was much later I had been a
teacher and a coach and and I had two
kids and so I get into this much later
than most people what brought you into
it I think because I was usually
reasonably funny in life and then as a
bad sign there was a wiseguy bartender
you know and like for instance people
would sit I donated 22 seats four guys
would sit and said what's your cheapest
beer I say root beer get the fuck up
screw those seats I said if you tip me
$20 before you order then you can sit
there and that people were doing then so
that kind of that kind of mushroomed
that way there but yeah we love it ever
again the same aggressive bullshit thing
so that was easy to carry that on into
the origin of stage but I had never gone
on a stage I thought it was kind of like
you would work yeah phoebus take people
doing stage stuff you know yeah I like
how you danced around the words I think
I made a word up people okay
yes yeah it was effeminate well yes it
was not for manly men yeah no no it's a
basketball in college and I was waiting
either he had picked up to go to the D
llama whatever and there was a play
going on in you know rehearsals at this
College
and I'm watching them going and it
really pissed me off that two of the
actors didn't really didn't seem to be
put in there like I fit into it and I
don't know why but I'm going I could do
better than that so that was one of the
things in the back of my head I bought
being there but I had never been I
didn't ever had a mic in my hand and I
used to wear loose pants because I
thought they could see my leg shaking
and that's why you know my AK I sit on
the stool most of time so I so that way
they wouldn't see me you know in effect
being you know for the first year or so
being says you shook that much I think
so yeah that in the truck and but the
same thing with taking the mic out of
the mic stand I thought the rap wing in
it there's nothing worse than seeing it
come Indian update you and you know this
thing bang bang with them was it drugs
there from the beginning um let me think
yeah pretty much yeah yeah pretty much
me it's like in the old it's like in the
old days you know this you know the
story about your mother says don't you
know if somebody got a few drugs don't
take him I said well they don't offer
you you have to buy them but initially
you didn't have to buy them that was the
thing everybody everybody was doing it
you know it's life smoking when I was
growing it for your kid 95% of people
smoked and why because other barely ever
smoked you know I stopped smoking yeah
mm Mike Clark and I had a bet and none
of us we were having at a cigarette
since so apparently it wasn't addictive
but everybody smoked so the same thing
in those days everybody was either a
drinker Oh doing that doing the blow or
smoke on the bone the same yeah you had
at least two or three vices Laura a lot
of dead get cheers to throw off you know
did you have any of those vices before
you got into stand-up uh no I think it
grew it's pretty much blossomed once I
get in it now they think of it yeah I
used to smoke there was a brother but
nothing no nothing else drinking not
heavily at all honey
not every and I covered up firm
I made up a lot of ground I can - I mean
now all the guys are ready I'm like the
only one left drinking and I notice it's
much more liquor everywhere I go this oh
we look up now yeah everybody cleaned up
yeah yeah they're looking at you look
dear the last Mohican yeah it's like
Bobby nickman a comedian and the writer
and he said that he first got into a
because he needed the stage time you
know take it up and talk in front of
right crowd but he was one of the first
guys that kind of cleaned up and then
this guy and then this guy and this very
few now well a lot of guys came from AAA
and that's how they got their start you
remember Dave Fitzgerald well sure
funny guy yeah he got in the comedy from
alcohol come on yes cuz he would go up
in stage and tell these crazy old
drinking stories and people would laugh
and then he polished those stories up
sure made him tighter and then started
doing stand-up yeah
but it it when you in the will say in
the mid 80s the early eighties if if you
weren't a drinker you were the exception
in the rule again Wow
so you weren't a drink it before not
really you just started hanging out with
these guys
and wasn't that blaming anything no no
hey look I'm not even but was it right
away
like just each of what you walked into
this lion's den of people doing drew was
the fucking whose patient zero like who
because it was wasn't that many of you
right well I think that I think that it
it came to a culmination at the dig hole
because we basically ran and owned the
place and we'd stay there until I came
over walking on there many times going
oh beautiful not even laid out yet dirty
in the morning right but we were serving
drinks and and half the people they'd be
ten twelve comedian sitting around and
and four or five other guys and the
other guys are cooks they're in there
drinking with us too so we weren't gonna
get Buster anything I mean we Kenny
rising first got there he walked in the
door there he got there I don't know how
but he got there around 2:00 in the
morning
and there's six or seven of us you know
smoking joints doing doing some wine
drinking and more up on the stage
playing cards you know for money any
good because what is this place hey good
someone
who was the tequila drinkers and your
biggest nobody you are so excelent he's
getting the other stuff so and he he
made up for lost time too that was what
we do we'd always heard about the ding
ho like it was like some legendary place
you know when we've starting out it
closing like 84 or something maybe yeah
right around this time later I started
in 88 and we had heard about the ding
homes like it was spoken in hushed tones
yeah it was like you know that's where
it started well closed in a heartbeat
because the the owner lost lost the club
and playing Chinese Domino's no that's
two hundred forty thousand dollars in
one night
mmm and it was my night then I had my
show there on Fridays might come in and
I never saw chains of padlocks bigger
than that and the front and back door
never to be reopened as a comedy club it
became a Indian restaurant does up there
but it just went in Chinese Donny what
Chinese denials are that's good probably
God I mean it's it's crazy how something
like that can happen where there is just
this one place and one core group of
people and then the comedy club scene
branches out from that like Houston used
to have this place called the laugh stop
did you ever yeah that was the same
thing for Houston Houston had a great
used to miss a little crazy yeah it was
wild yeah yeah and when I first went
there it was when it was at its wildest
it was after Kinnison had gone yeah Bill
Hicks had left and all those guys were
gone and yeah Calibos yeah yeah yeah
Jimmy pineapple Jimmy worked with me the
first time I ever did a week in there
and the first time I was ever there I
was like wow this place is like a lot
like Boston like early like seed a bunch
of wild fucks they had an open they had
a show going on in the main room and
then in the bar area they had another
stage and the open mic night started 8
went until 2 o'clock in the morning so
you get done with your show the show be
over at 10:00 and you go out to the bar
and you'd be fucking hanging out there
for another four hours because the show
still going on yeah it was it was crazy
because I had a good story they always
we used to walk from the hotel through
the venue and I'm and it was all that
you know cowboy space to sit down there
and so I get I'm walking I get hit in
the back with the water balloon but you
would have thought it was Shep with
by a rhino gun you know bang the thing I
was soaking wet when I get there I had
to put them one of their t-shirts and
I'm going I can't believe how how this
guy hit me that could so Brian I get to
the club I see the car it was
recognizable I go they are they coming
to see me so I went inside got a hammer
and went out during the show in the open
air and broke every window in their car
including the directions the side thing
and I Karma's understandable
I still ever did it nobody took climb I
said what what a great name yet and but
I didn't mention it about their car
that's hilarious
did you go out watch oh yeah check their
what they did I mean I thought I bought
those little tiny you know directions on
the side of the car I mean in every
window if anybody can flatten it yes
if you break every single window that's
that's an accomplishment that is an
accomplishment and that's a lot of work
to get that place yeah what especially
with no lookouts and I change a tire
pretty good yeah yeah no look outside
but that seemed the Houston scene was
similar and that there was a lot of
drugs involved a lot of really funny
comics by an aggressive - yeah very
aggressive
yeah well taxes you know wild fuckers
down there but when that club closed
dock scene died out for a long time it's
apparently it's got a resurgence now but
scenes coming back there's some real
good comics coming out of there right
now
but that scene was dead for a long time
it wasn't wasn't much going on down
there and like I was like that's
interesting how a scene like a place is
as good as Houston could close down with
one club one club goes under and the
whole thing just throws I believe that
happen in Chicago Chicago used to be a
terrific city was my favorite city to
traveled it's a fall comedy they had an
improv they had a catch they had the
Laugh Factory they had you know not just
a second city because that's different
but and that was the same thing saying
is is I think is there anyone that's
still in existence there yeah and and
that went off the cliff right away - and
again I blame owners you know me and not
paying people and things of that type
well they start treating like any other
business yes call me clubs became that
my business it's a Cylon that needs to
be run by the inmates yeah exactly and
when we ran it when I booked that all
the shells at the first yeah didn't seem
to be any problem we and again we
weren't making much money but if we
didn't seem to care you know whatever
you made you spent right so I feel if
you had 800 bucks in your pocket
Wow that's it I got any loss you know
yeah not not thinking about you know I
guess I might want to eat next week next
week is next yeah that's the way the
Comedy Store works is essentially that
way I mean Mitzi obviously ran it but
she let the comedian's run it for the
most part right
you know she let everybody work out
their own issues and solve their own
problems and she just booked you I just
tell you what I go up and there was just
a man house yeah and to this day it's
still very simple to say no it's packed
every fucking night now now it's crazy
because the internet now people hear
about it and they know about it and got
people flying in from Australia in
England and Ireland just to come and see
comedy all the time all the time always
meeting people there that are they
basically have comedy tourism from
Europe they fly in to the Comedy Store
like any night of the week because the
Comedy Store on Monday they'll post this
the schedule for the week yeah and so
people read the schedule and they go
alright let's fly in on Tuesday so
they'll fly from fucking England 11 hour
flight and come and see see comedy well
because there's no comedy club like
there they have a comic store over there
in London but it's not affiliated they
just stole the name and they skirted
into my international law by you know
it's like they've made their own
7-eleven we're 7-eleven too like it's
not the same thing I don't know what the
comedy is like over there in terms of
the comic store but you know they when
they want to come here they fly and so
on any given night you run into people
that are from all over the world Wow
yeah it's crazy you should come you know
it's not you can't wait to see it you
know years ago yeah way back but I
haven't been around it's different now
it's fucking madness yeah lines around
the block I mean it's like in a lot of
ways it's like Nick's in the heyday
three rooms there's the original room
the belly room in the main room all
three of them are going at the same time
multiple shows a night fucking madness
well yeah it's it's it's nuts but
without the coke there's no Coke no
fights it's pretty time yeah it used to
be a pretty pretty scary adenosine
yes it used to be yeah it's it's much
more common a lot of marijuana that's
about it okay a lot of wheat sometimes
mushrooms but that's about it
yeah so nothing nothing too crazy yeah
but it's funny that wasn't we were doing
it even though we were doing program for
let me it was seemed like it wasn't a
business yeah like that say I'm
promoting this album that I have and I
had this album done before and it was
great but I never had anybody produce it
you know just made some copies of it and
it's called Don John Gavin live with the
Manhattan well I have with them in end
and I always almost like a bootleg I
sell them you know maybe you have a few
after-show at the back of my trunk but
finally we're releasing it that's one of
the reasons about it when did you record
it I recorded it in 2011 whoa
ten years uh but my material hopefully
doesn't get stale what's because I don't
do a lot of kind of current advances and
I don't know politics so it's still I
mean I have some jokes that although
some of the people that come to see me
now did you like when you when you put
that out is that the first thing that
you've ever put out yeah that's the only
thing and I and I owned it but I didn't
do anything with it
so now when I get to add virtual comedy
network with Joe server Jimmy Serpico he
uh
we did another album compilation of guys
in Boston and he saw somebody says above
me my album II I know you know and he
got a copy of the parts oh my god this
is something like discovering something
so he kind of came into my life for the
tailbone see if we can produce this
thing and now it's on Sirius XM now and
Pandora and then it's going on all the
streaming devices starting next week but
right now it's a I think they have the
what do you got the rights just for
those so someone who wants to get it how
they get it right now they can get in a
Sirius XM up Endor and as of I think
next Thursday it's on streaming live
okay because if it's on a serious you
have to wait for it to air right you
can't just it's a serious doesn't stream
right I got to be honest I'm I'm not
good about any of this stuff I don't
think so do they stream Jamie you price
airship yeah
downloadable stuff and whatnot okay so
on the app is opposed to on the actual
thing that you in your car okay yeah I
am so anything mechanical well I'm proud
that I think you sent me your first text
ever which took me almost an hour and a
half because I got okay as the T is an H
over here you know that's how slow I
wasn't doing that
but you used to teach you know time no
no I had girlfriends I went to a bunch
of them because I got a great a lot of
papers and so yeah no I never kept one
that's legitimately the first text
message you ever sent oh my god and you
thought it was a joke
Oh Mike Clark was telling me yeah it was
my friend and then I sent that next one
I realized you could use the microphone
thing and it came out in some foreign
land access yeah I know bones probably
what the fuck is he saying that's
probably it yeah eventually they'll get
used to your voice apparently not no
it's never gonna figure out your voice
no that's for regular voices oh yeah -
crazy I still have an accent oh yeah a
little bit yeah but the thing about like
all those guys from that day is very few
guys put things out you know Barry put
out a couple specials and Louie CK
produced one of Barry's specials Lani of
course had a few things he was on the
Dangerfield special he did some stuff
but a lot of like Donovan like how do
you go find Donovan's best stuff you're
like you got to go see him yes yes
that's that's the craziest thing about
Boston it's like these guys are
world-class stand-ups were the best that
I've ever done it and there's no
recordings well you know special I think
they were I was not unique in in the
fact that I was not a businessman well
yeah we're just we did it father not
just for the love we enjoyed the money
and that is spending money or love yeah
but they've really never entered my mind
like Jimmy was asking about you know
today how did I release this thing I'd
never I don't know any released it I
just made the thousand copies a night so
a few after-show and never did anything
with you know you never thought once no
I'm an idiot but you must have seen all
these HBO specials and all these
different things yeah yeah
yes we never like I should do one of
those yeah maybe yeah maybe I'll get
discovered IPA give 106 so now that
you've done this and now that you're
releasing this do you think you'll put
out more oh I planted this hoping hope
they hoping this is gonna make a
difference no because for years I was
called the best kept secret in Boston
and in comedy and I'm going you know
what I'm kind of tired of that term I'd
rather not have a secret anymore I like
to maybe maybe get out well you can
still get out there I plan on a percent
nice plan does the whole thing about the
Internet is just content just keep keep
putting content out you what you have
your hilarious comic so I'm sure your
album is awesome people get a hold of it
and then let go hey where's the next one
right put out another one next thing you
know you could tour nationally yeah I
really firmly believe that I hope you're
right no I guarantee I'm right it's it's
just a crazy thing about that scene is
that no one did that everybody stayed in
both cuz the money was so good there's
so much work and he didn't have to yeah
you're basically didn't have to go to
him because you had worked there yeah so
it in a way it spurred you burn away it
spoiled you rotten you know the other
right you never really attempted to make
it you know some guys did get their
gumption to go up to ya know to New York
and some came out to LA but as a rule a
lot of us just stayin in Boston how long
did you stay out here when you came out
here oh just over nine months
people said what you like about I said
the weather and that was about hot that
was my only answer what was it like
going back to feel like home like I felt
like I really hadn't left you know I
just moved to Florida a couple weeks ago
so there's it that's the first time I've
ever what are you doing in Florida
getting warm it's good time to move the
floor middle of January yeah well it's
gonna be yeah I hopefully once I get
things unpacked I'll enjoy it there but
the you know there's a lot of clubs down
there and there's a lot of corporate
stuff and then I do a lot of the golf
things and that can stuff and make I do
a lot of cruise ships and their most
don't go out of this so it's about time
I moved in and the weather primary it's
the permit the weather yeah it's a big
difference but I would think that after
all these years you're gonna miss
headlining the Boston clubs I will I
will
yeah but I've been working less and less
in the Boston or because of
I do a whole lot of these cruise ships
things you know and the cruise ships
that industry has become bigger and
bigger and bigger I mean I just got off
the ship the Royal Caribbean 6100
passengers on it
whoa yeah that's a big boat yeah I live
in accounting a Hampton I remember that
near Marblehead yeah
3,000 people live in the whole town
let's double that on the on this ship
that's insane yeah yeah do you like
doing those cruise ships I enjoy it a
lot of a lot of downtime you can read
write and like you said maybe a second
home yeah I've got material so we'll see
if we get that first one roaring how do
you write you just sit down do you just
sit down with an idea or do you have an
idea ahead of time you jot them down
like a little notes now to flesh it out
like this just great to go whatever you
know that type of thing well I'd like it
simple this is not a whole joke but just
the other day I'm thinking I both stone
is you know why can't we why can't we
just all get a bomb so I thought that
was that's that good I didn't say it was
good you're right stuff you throw it
away throw it away it's only these ideas
pop in your head and you write them down
and then do you flush them out on stage
do you flush them out on paper on stage
you know but you read you know that if
some new thing you don't have to know
poor figure where am I gonna incorporate
you're not gonna put it first you know
how to close with it right you got to
weave it in somehow
sometimes I'll open what the thing
really yeah because I want to dig a hole
once really yeah because I sometimes I
feel like I know I got some good jokes
that I could do after this let me just
say you've got the notoriety and fame so
you feel that that is a strike against
you the thief they're gonna be
acceptable to everything that way you're
it's a strike against you if you eat
shit you're not sure yeah well I've I
gotta know there's something there
yeah all right do that but I like to do
that sometimes because maybe four out of
four out of ten times a punch line will
fucking pop in my head out of nowhere
and it'll be good like I one of my best
bets from my last special about Harvey
Weinstein came the day
he got arrested the day old shit went
down I went on stage that day and I had
had a couple drinks in me I was feeling
good and I just went on this rant about
it and it's not something he had already
written out no no I had a couple sort of
ideas about where I was gonna take it
and the basically the gist of it was
that if you like all of you if Harvey
Weinstein did this to my daughter I'd
want to fuck him up like all of you I go
but if Harvey Weinstein was a woman if
Harvey know Weinstein came to my son
with a solid contract I'd be like dude
you're gonna be Batman this is the this
is the gist of the bit and I'm telling
you that dude you're gonna be Batman
came out Wow just came out on stage and
the day he was arrested everybody's
going fucking crazy and then I was
saying like nobody nobody gives a fuck
it was an ugly old lady that was fucking
handsome young men nobody would be mad
right nobody we met and it just became
this giant chunk of it I'm like I'm mad
that guy he's disgusting fuck him lock
him up forever but if Harvey know
Weinstein and then I saw this in the
audience believe that you just didn't
know I did they know they came up with
well they knew that it couldn't be old
because the thing just happened yeah but
sometimes like four out of ten times
that'll work
right and then the other six out of ten
times you well so much for that yeah but
it's like the only way new jokes get
made his chances get taken and the
biggest chances to go up first with it
well I'll just open with it I'm gonna
have to attempt that I don't do it all
the time but I feel like the first
couple of lines anywhere more like just
saying hi and getting to know everybody
and every now and then you throw one out
there and it sticks and go oh I got
something there I record all my sets
I'll listen Sadie yeah would you have
trouble remembering aid well if you get
a particular thing yeah because
especially if you have a couple drinks
in you and you just riff in you don't
remember exactly what you said cuz
you're in the moment you can't go oh I
gotta remember that because then you'll
break the spell my son Chris does that
to me all the time saying dad is that
something no ago no I just said it again
well he gotta write this shit down well
Donovan is the guy who convinced me to
record all my sets
yeah god Donovan told me get a tape
recorder he had all this fuckin this
brick that he would bring onstage with
him
I never know he goes you'll have a line
just one line and that line will make
your bit ten times better and if you
fucking forget it you it's gone forever
it's like what you have won money when
you're in bed and you think of something
if you don't get up and write it down or
if you don't just record it that next
morning you try to remember that
good luck yeah when I'm with my family I
well if I get an idea in my head I just
say to my wife got an idea I just run
away I run away
I'll run like a block away and just
start talking into my phone because if I
don't it'll go away
yeah because I've had so many times like
oh that's a good idea
and then my dog is like Jack stop
touching me and they fight with each
other my wife of it what are we doing
and I'm like a whole idea stops up so
now when I get this idea I just got good
idea just go and then I come back I got
a good idea this is a good idea this is
solid okay I'm back I like that I'll put
my phone in my pocket because having a
phone is the best because you got a
notebook you got a fucking recording
device it's all that I used to keep a
real notebook yeah it takes too long to
write shit down you lose it sometimes
but you if you were say it into the
voice notes you actually say the idea
then you can keep it you have to that
means you have to carry a phone with you
yes you don't carry phone I'm an idiot
again I don't carry phone at all I do
now but now that I'm trying to be aware
of what's going on I mean up until 82
years ago I had a real deluxe flip phone
you know there's something to be said
for those two though yeah the flip
phones are nice yeah you can certainly
avoid people yes next one yeah avoid
taxman ari Ari Shaffir he has a flip
phone he isn't actually doesn't now he
actually went back to an iPhone but he
put a timer on it so you'd always use
his phone for an hour well yeah because
otherwise he starts playing with his
phone and go on the internet yeah going
to social media apps you don't have any
social media do you ah
we will soon that's it that's the deal
2020 yeah it moves up a kind of a slow
mover like a turtle racer to buy me are
you gonna do it all yourself are you
gonna post tweets and all that shit
yourself oh yeah I don't know about that
I just found about an Instagram today I
thought there was a pill that you took
but
so the I'm on Instagram now as of like
yesterday Oh what is it just dog Gavin
ah comedian done Gavin how many pictures
you got up there
Oh at least for now is there a regular
dawn Gavin other than comedian Don Gavin
mean to reach me no a different person
that has the regular dawn Gavin yes a
different guy
well somebody yes somebody to and get
the old days people by your names and
again and Ike wanted the guy he wanted
$7,500 for my name really and I'm going
my name's not work that so so I might
have it paid himself oh yeah so is that
how that works yet if someone yeah yeah
I had to pay for mine
yeah bought mine somebody had mine but
you make money yeah it's the whole thing
about the Instagram is like everything
else on the internet it's just continual
contact we keep putting out content
I'll keep putting things out that's the
whole thing it's just you got to just be
consistent and it'll build I hope wasn't
coming off this podcast I guarantee
it'll help I know you want Fitzsimmons
show earlier today right right and I get
a couple with a Mac meirin's another one
okay right and Billy Billy Berg oh nice
beautiful you did the trifecta and
trifecta plus one um
there it is look at you that uh Don
Gavin comedy that's what it is folks
godfather of Boston commie don't tell us
the dick Doherty he'll get mad at you hi
kid it did try to keep that title back
and I said me I actually help people
he's tell me one time are you actually a
Godfather when someone came to you and
said can you give me advice can you help
me right can you help me work out this
material I spent time doing that I said
you never did in your life don't ever
start call yourself the Godfather again
and he hasn't whoa he stopped calling
himself that yeah well yeah to you I
don't think he called up there anyway
really yeah yeah not anymore but that
was always his thing hmm well this thing
is gone he he gave me a lot of gigs I
have nothing but love for that guy well
start now yeah he gave me a lot of gigs
I read many times well he had a lot of
little clothes yeah but like you settle
a clothes but yeah the huts
karley huts yeah aku aku yeah at one
time was when he was his musician yeah
way back to predict already the majority
yeah he was like the highest-paid
entertainer on Cape Cod that's Crystal
Palace he had and I mean he was big yeah
and then things went south and now he's
big but physically he's still alive
everything's good yeah he's a big fat
yeah
36 inch sleeve but I can't get it out
there I did all of his gigs I did all
those comedy Hut's yeah the dick Doherty
Comedy had digged already comedy vault
members of yes yeah there was another
one the vault was right down the street
from Warrenton Street not far at all
right across state there yeah yeah he
had a ton of rooms yes he did and and he
uh yeah that's true I mean he would he
did work a lot more comedians than the
killer otherwise didn't have that many
avenues yeah well he would headline you
early to like where I'm really probably
shouldn't have been headlining really
didn't really have a solid 45 was
repatched up but uh Fitzsimmons and I
started out together we were like a week
apart we started a week apart from each
other open mic nights yeah he mentioned
that yeah we did and you didn't know
each other previous no no no we met each
other like at open mic night that's
funny yeah both the same age it was it
was fun times but we both have the same
feeling like we were talked about you
guys you know like you and all the guys
that are from that era it's just like it
was a we were very very fortunate to be
able to because there was no hacks like
hacks were not tolerated and Alliston no
yeah but and even the audience I always
at the Youngs were great but they
weren't patient either no you hadn't you
ain't produced and produced quickly they
had high standards - yeah because you
guys were so good like the standards of
comedy the level of comedy was very high
in the town and I remember I had a
friend of mine who came to visit me from
New York and he was shocked he was like
there's so many good comics here that
nobody knows and I was like dude they
know him in town they know my boss these
guys are selling out every fucking night
and he's like this is crazy and I was
like yeah these are like the best comics
in the world and people don't know who
they are it's funny Colin Quinn was one
of yeah he came into Boston and they
can't with the people but when they
introduced him he's from New York I mean
he was getting boob before we say the
world and then he's gone oh my gosh you
know and
the crowds did eventually like him yeah
but when he first worked there was a
sound booth to the side of Nicks and he
hid it got offstage and hidden the sound
booth until the show was over because he
didn't want to have to walk through the
crowd he was in there for over two hours
that's hilarious
well the first time I saw Dahmer era was
at the Knicks comedy stop and he went
through the gauntlet and survived Oh a
that the people loved them he thought
they loved him what he's lovable yeah
well he's a great guy but he was the
only like national headliner that I ever
saw that went through there and made it
through yeah yeah and and and with
flying colors yeah so he killed yeah and
even at the end of it he was you know
like he said he goes ladies and
gentlemen thank you for coming tonight I
was amazing you guys are pretty good
and like he just is a sarcastic silly
way of doing comedy
he was the best fits in me anyway oh
yeah but he'd fit in Boston like a glove
I mean that's where for so he's a Philly
guy yeah and I came kind of thing he was
a pretty good jock good was a basketball
player yeah yeah
so I saw you it's like kind of the same
type of mentality is some of them some
of the pin he's still fucking great
he's still fucking great he still kills
the Comedy Store all the time yeah he's
and he's always on the road to go he's
fantastic he's he's a real comic you
know there's a few of those guys it
doesn't matter where you put them you
can put a show on the moon and yeah I
think I like rocking the pool yeah that
just just hey how you doing yeah yeah
yeah it's I mean when you think back on
your life could you imagine yourself
ever I mean I know you were a teacher at
one point time but do you imagine never
having found comedy ah
I'm very grateful that he did find it I
think if I was teaching it in a
different venue where I was taking more
advanced kids I was in a location or
school where they didn't want to do you
know one week they'd be in show up the
next week they'd be with me and they
didn't want to be with me you know I'm
coaching was different I caused bass one
track and that was terrific and I spent
most of my energy in that but so I think
if I was in the right surroundings as a
teacher I would have stayed in teaching
you know and probably have a lot less of
the evil thanks to my body and
but maybe I wouldn't have found common
well you've held up well you
intellectually you're still there I mean
I haven't seen you do stand-up in a long
time but I know everybody says you're
still fucking killing it smell it still
working yeah and you're the one guy
that's still drinking that I'm aware of
yeah but I don't really look around that
much nobody else did you ever think
about quitting no not really
no when I was in the hospital I had a
hairy reparation but then Rogerson
smuggled some booze into the hospital
Sarah yeah he put a fight he brought in
the thing of vodka and a claw and a
magnet so he's kind of he's gonna pull
up the the staples that I have you know
the steel stay put in when you get
stitched up he thought that was funny
when he went in stole a big magnet funny
but he didn't bring booze in those both
how long me in the hospital for so
you're almost quit for four or five days
oh yeah almost yeah do you never like
what you see all these guys going in the
a and cleaning up you never went huh
maybe uh maybe that's for me no no never
never get I mean said we stopped the
blow and all that stuff right yeah but
nine I mean never was much of a smoke
smoke work the grass but the drinking
you know that's pretty consistent with
that you find something you like
sticking with it when did you stop the
blow oh yeah yeah but I've done mmm
eighties night you don't see any people
doing that I don't know I don't even
know is they've still have seen it where
people do not comedy no no not a comedy
scene with blow not that I know and
remember like we took the common stuff
you know you could oh no don't sense it
dip and you know because a big summer
headlines yeah wherever you went you
know well they would offer to pay you in
yeah and you can get the giggles in
Tampa Florida they honestly said do you
want all your money and blow or do you
want some cash I go I want it all in
cash and then if I wanted to get Paul I
could do that I mean you can't go into a
grocery store and say you know I got
these three items is this lime berry
enough doesn't work is that play still
around that giggles I don't know I don't
Mike that's where you guys the name
you know my cloud spy yeah the dealers
in Saugus but Deb I don't know but that
was another one all those real
successful clubs at one time as you know
there were great clubs you know a lot of
places and sadly most of them are going
down yeah I mentioned the Comedy Works
in Denver it's a still one it's still
great
oh it's still great that was such a
successful and still is but yeah I
always thought that was one of the best
running clubs in the well Wendy the lady
who runs it she's fucking awesome she's
been around from way back I go to see
her every time I'm in town and sometimes
I still even worked that Club really
yeah I worked that Club - I'll alternate
between the big theaters and I'll go
back to her Club a lot of place was
electric
yes and she's got another one rebuilt
another one I mean yeah she's got a
second one
yeah there's you know the Z knees in
Nashville still really good right
there's a bunch of real good clubs still
on the road well maybe I'll rediscover
these let's not go floating too much
maybe I'll come back yeah you'd enjoy it
now if you did do that would you take
some on the road with you like how do
you do it when you do the ships this is
just you yeah bring somebody with you
just mean yeah how much time do you do
ah varies you know usually you do like a
headlining spot you do like a 50 55 you
know and dude two of those butts like
you can do the same girl you know that
type of thing so you say you only need
you need like an hour and a half stuff
total right I guess is what it was but
it is kind of a lazy two-man job you can
do the same sets you know that's right I
just found an interesting talking you
about incorporating something new at the
beginning that's that's gonna be
challenging I'm gonna try that it's not
the best idea I think is probably to
sandwich him between established jokes
so you have a joke that you know is
gonna work you get their confidence and
then you slip in a new one yeah and then
but every now and then I like to open
with a new home just to see what the
fuck is up I like it just a fucking test
it take that little cult and see how it
can run on those legs giddy up
yeah you know yeah no Fiat yellow I
think I got some fear believe me but
sometimes that fear is what makes the
punchline comes out yeah you know the
punch lines that come out and no you
know how it is like sometimes you ad-lib
and it'll just come out of nowhere like
where is that what is that coming from
when you have an idea and it just pop
your head and makes its way on the stand
and then it gets a big laugh and then
you know it's the right thing to say
right there right you know it and just
out of nowhere no in your thing you
travel everywhere is there one
particular area that yeah doesn't seem
to I clicked as much Connecticut
Connecticut can eat just like one place
we shit at all of kinetic ink oh fuck oh
really yeah
my friend Chappell Lacey I told him how
bad Connecticut sucks and he was just
there this weekend and he sent me a text
message Jules you weren't fucking
kidding okay this place is terrible I
was expecting that one one place from
knowing once something about our island
great Rhode Island's fantastic New
Jersey awesome love it New York love it
Connecticut
eat shit Wow Wow when I was doing the
travel the only place i had one that
they positively hated me Memphis oh wow
I talk way too fast oh and I also speak
English and they bought they hated me
Yankee yeah yeah you know I said no the
Red Sox you know they had the wrong and
they they they booed me again like Colin
Quinn before even gonna on stage and
they had one of those clocks like the
ones they have that was in Back to the
Future that pinky clock that was it and
you could see it can you end up in 45
minutes and I'm going shit I gotta be
close to done I look up I had done 11
minutes summer my god got off station
went table the table and people list and
then I went back on stage and realize I
still had 15 minutes more to go oh my
god hey hey what year was this of teams
seemed like was a whole year when I was
there just doing the one week that was
held quite quite a while ago but they
they I mean they and I did I was there
for the week that's the point so it
wasn't like anybody was saying hey you
gotta see this guy
people are saying you can't you
shouldn't see this guy you know West it
was hard suck every night yeah yeah it
was so bad and it was weird how old boil
it was like a thunderstorm and and yeah
you know you know the ones that there's
only 20 people gonna be there were
saying it's not 20 people we don't do a
show right we had 16 people and I'm
going out beautiful gonna get paid don't
have to do the show and two cars come up
I went out knocked in the window so I
get we got terrible plumbing problems
you guys come back see you later and I
forced and believed so I were not to do
oh my god that's hilarious
Boston Comics one of the things about
guys that would they would go on the
road they had so much regional material
Boston Comics had so much Boston comedy
right yeah I don't
yeah you don't I was gonna say that like
Sweeney has a hole yes yes like Sweeney
in Boston is a goddamn murderer sure but
some of that stuff he can't do in other
places he has to kind of rearrange his
act yes yeah yeah mine is much it's
always been more Universal yeah more
observational than yeah and I don't
really have many Boston performer say
Boston jokes yeah other than something
about the accent but that's it that's
about it but now I can ask you one into
the other
where's the other end where's-where's
like a favorite yeah I love Texas thanks
it's probably my favorite place to go
yeah I love Austin I love Dallas I love
Houston I love going there really yeah
they're wild fucking people I mean
they're the remnants of the Wild West
right that's what it's like I mean
they're the wagon trains have made it
all the way to California and a bunch of
people made it detects it and they went
we're good okay it's gonna stop right
here and there's just wild is this a
different kind of piece of real friendly
will real nice folks there's one of my
favorite places to go cool I love it now
what about the fallen country thing
anyway you mentioning I love England
I've been england a bunch of times doing
stand-up that's great they're fun they
like to drink whoo yeah I did it I did
it too earlier they did like me
especially the drinking part other route
I mean I'm not a violent anybody doing
the short I said I wanted some ice and
the guy said oh and everybody drinking
just shots in and beer and I'm drinking
liquor and I said I wanted some ice and
the guy goes well the ice machine is
broken I said well when I was a
bartender I went back I said well our
tent if you hit it some ice will follow
to you or broke over a year ago just not
interested in ice yeah if you buy a soda
over there sometimes so you get a glass
of soda it comes with no ice like what
is this where's the and then when I did
Australia Australia was fun that's kind
of a rowdy place - oh I love it over
there they get in and they get it
they're just willing to when it's just
show stuff out to you yeah not
necessarily but just certain tax things
what do you mean by that
[Laughter]
they like to drink there too
yeah I need a whole set over there about
Halloween any but absolutely nowhere and
I kind of rewrote next night nowhere and
I'm saying why is this thing not working
and it's like guy said to me what is
this Halloween that they didn't those
days didn't celebrate Halloween there
Wow he said you send your kids to
strangers houses to beg for candy why
not for food why wouldn't I go get food
or money I got Halloween he didn't know
what it was that now they have Halloween
but hasn't like 20 years ago
they didn't have Halloween Halloween is
only 20 years old in Australia yes yeah
that's hilarious
yeah but you would think there would be
a universal thing but it was not they
have a lot of comedy over there now yeah
I mean they they have really funny
comics now especially Melbourne they
have yeah I loved number that was great
that was the comics lounge I performed
with Tony Hinchcliffe there was their
back lot comics from LA fly over there
and do that place yeah you mentioned it
Richie generally I work with him over
there at the Hilton which was right
across from in the Tennis Center where
they play the big dad Australian in
Australia yeah Richard Jeni was one of
my favorites
goddamn he was good terrific he was so
good he's like probably in my opinion
one of the most underrated guys ever
yeah yeah in other words to this day
like people forget how goddamn good he
was and he's prolific - OH
so prolific yeah you know you remember
East Side comedy club in Long Island yes
yes
he worked at Eastside Connolly Club in
Long Island I remember it was me and a
couple of the other guys that were were
there were were stunned because the host
said I go hey how was Jenny's weekend he
goes not only did he murder
Melissa it not only did Jenny murder
every show but he did four different
hours well he did a different hour
two shows two different hours Friday two
different hours on Saturday he was he
did four different hours he was he
didn't repeat a joke
and he goes and he was on top of his
fucking game on fire and we're in like
that was like a II I guess was 91 92
yeah he was if he wasn't the best in the
world he was right right he was so
honest about that I said yeah yo you're
something bout your life he says two
things in my life comedy and porn and he
spent a lot of time on both of it
it's a quote well that's why I was so
good he was obsessed yeah I mean he was
an interesting cat it was a real bummer
when he killed himself
yeah he was for sure one of my favorites
I got to see him live a bunch of times
and what I got loved about that guy is
he would take a subject like save the
subject with cigarettes yeah
he would beat that subject in the ground
he would find every fucking angle he
would cover every piece of every
possible way you could talk about that
bit kind of like when George Colin would
take a bit that I would have you know an
idea or a premise Wilson right I could
get three enough minutes in it gives 15
minutes yeah and up gold yeah yeah but
Jenny would be like punchline punchline
punchline like goddamn he was good then
we've seen a lot of great comics in our
day yes we have and I feel more
hopefully there be more people of seeing
me now then back out for sure
so you said it's available now on
Pandora and unserious
that's correct and next week it's on
this beautiful beautiful beautiful and
it's Don Gavin comedy Don Gavin what is
it Don Gavin common Don Gavin comedy
maybe the album is there Gavin live with
the Manhattan there it is look at you
Jenna budding handsome bastard yeah all
right listen
it's been an honor really appreciate you
and thanks for all the inspiration over
the years and from the bottom of my
heart
seeing you and seeing those guys from
Boston it when I was starting out and
man everything for me hey let's mean a
lot to me thank you my friend died Gavin
everybody bye
[Music]
thank you sir